docs(windows-e2e): add AGENTS.md and run-windows-e2e skill (#52405)
DataDog/datadog-agent: test/new-e2e/tests/installer/windows/AGENTS.md

after a failed upgrade.

## Key types

**`DatadogInstallerRunner`** (interface in `installer.go`) — wraps
`datadog-installer.exe` subcommands executed on the remote host:
`InstallPackage`, `StartExperiment`, `Status`, etc. plus `Install`/`Uninstall` for the MSI itself.
Access via `s.Installer()`.

**`DatadogInstallScript`** / **`DatadogInstallExe`** (in `install_script.go`)
— runs `Install-Datadog.ps1` or `datadog-installer.exe setup` on the remote
host. Access via `s.InstallScript()`.

**`AgentVersionManager`** (in `agent_package.go`) — holds the version string,
OCI package config, and MSI package for a given agent version. Used by suites
that need to install the stable version first and then upgrade to the current.

## Package resolution

Two agent versions are resolved at suite startup from environment variables:

| Prefix | Role | Key env vars |
|---|---|---|
| `CURRENT_AGENT` | Agent built by the current pipeline | Assertions: `CURRENT_AGENT_ASSERT_VERSION`, `CURRENT_AGENT_ASSERT_PACKAGE_VERSION`. Resolution: `CURRENT_AGENT_PIPELINE` or `CURRENT_AGENT_SOURCE_VERSION` (falls back to `E2E_PIPELINE_ID`). |

> | `STABLE_AGENT` | Baseline for upgrade tests (default: 7.77.0) | Assertions: `STABLE_AGENT_ASSERT_VERSION`, `STABLE_AGENT_ASSERT_PACKAGE_VERSION`. Resolution: `STABLE_AGENT_SOURCE_VERSION` or `STABLE_AGENT_PIPELINE`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `STABLE_AGENT` | Baseline for upgrade tests (default: 7.79.2) | Assertions: `STABLE_AGENT_ASSERT_VERSION`, `STABLE_AGENT_ASSERT_PACKAGE_VERSION`. Resolution: `STABLE_AGENT_SOURCE_VERSION` or `STABLE_AGENT_PIPELINE`. |
```

Default is 7.79.2 now: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/blob/main/test/new-e2e/tests/installer/windows/base_suite.go#L199-L201
